## Introduction
This project is used to fulfill the interview requirement of Zero Systems. The colab notebook `ZeroLLM.ipynb` is used as the interface for the operation. Per the requirement of the task, the notebook should have interactive capability with user, e.g. upload file, choose the right column from ambiguous candidates, edit the Python script generated from GPT, etc. These requirements have been achieved with the package of `ipywidgets`. The process is used to transform a single csv file. Therefore, `table_A.csv` and `table_B.csv` are processed separately. The resulting files are `transformed_table_A.csv` and `transformed_table_B.csv` respectively, also available in this repository.
## Discussion
1. Header name itself may not be sufficient to have GPT propperly relate columns of different tables, as in the case of `table_B.csv`, if only header name is used, GPT may miss several possible mapping between tables. Therefore, I included bothe column name and a sample row of the table to help GPT to generate the mapping of columns.
2. The piece of codes generated by GPT to convert date format is very prone to error, though the rest part of codes can run pretty well. This suggest that human intervention is still inevitable for this type of work. For the future, the system can remind the user about all types of frequent errors.
3. For simplicity, I didn't use `pandas` package to process the `csv` file and the table, since in this case, the built-in data structure of Python is sufficient. For further development, I will switch to `pandas` package to manipulate the file and data table as there will probably be more complicated data manipulation. 
